docs/architecture/validation_service.md, before:

# Validation Service

The validation service provides an API server as entrypoint and deployment tools to run tests. At the same time, it has the test evaluation 
services which then report the tests.

The architecture proposal for the validation system is as follows:
- GitHub Runner
- GitHub action

Then, for each device and test a Validation framework will be deployed, each of them composed by:
- Validator
- Deployer

The main workflow of the validation system consists on having a API server entry point which can retrieve test results from the DB and at the same time trigger tests based on simple configuration files.

When the tests are triggered, the validator server runs the framework with a specific configuration (Possible configurations or look up table* synchronized between the server and the framework)

***Look up** tables consists in a set of predefined test setups and its corresponding configuration in the validator.



## Validation Services
Composition of microservices that compose the validation server.

## Validation Framework
The validation framework is an instance which runs during the lifetime of the validation process of a single test and exists afterwards.

It is composed by a deployer and a tester module.

Commit message:

Updated architecture docs. Tests docs in progress

docs/architecture/validation_service.md, after:

# Validation Framework

The validation framework implements a generic platform to perform validation tests over the NuvlaEdge software.

The framework consists in two main components: 

- Base framework
- Validation tests
- GitHub action runners

![Validation workflow](../graffle/Validation_Workflow.jpg)

## 1. Base Framework
The first extends Python UnitTests providing a parent class which can easily be extended. This service comes with a 
subset of tools:

- Remote device handler: TargetDevice
- NuvlaEdge release handler: ReleaseHandler
- Nuvla client interface: NuvlaClient

### TargetDevice
This tool provides an interface to run remote commands in the configured device.

### ReleaseHandler
Currently implemented for Standard releases on nuvlaedge/deployment repo.
Controls the release to be tested. Checks and triggers the download of the remote required files

### NuvlaClient
Interfaces the creation and removal of the Edges to be tested. Also allows for 
configurations on different edge starts

## 2. Validation Tests
The actual test implementations. It always extends the ValidationBase class and have to be decorated with @validator tag and a unique name.
This notation allows the system to recognize it as a test and include it in the test battery (Corresponding folder).  

## 3. GitHub Actions Runner
A custom GitHub runner with an updated version of the framework and the preconfigured devices that runs one battery of tests at a time in all the available devices.
Available devices are those which configuration is stored in the default folder and online (will be checked automatically)
